# Project_2

  After I downloaded the files and imported them into Eclipse, I started off the project by creating the MesoAbstract class. For this class all I had to do was declare the two abstract methods calAverage, which returns an int array, and letterAverage, which returns a char. The class does not contain a constructor, although abstract classes can even though they cannot be instantiated as an object. 
  From there, I moved on to the MesoInherit class, which contained the bulk of the work for this project. I struggled a bit with creating the constructor because I didn’t realize that it was supposed to take a MesoStation as its parameter. I thought maybe MesoAbstract was supposed to extend MesoStation and have a constructor which MesoInherit could call upon, but that was never mentioned in the project description so I decided that wasn’t it. After playing around with it some more I finally realized how I needed to write it. In the constructor, I call the .getStID method to get the ID of the station and then store it in the MesoInherit class. From there, I made the calAverage class, which calculates the ASCII values of the letters in StID. I created an array to store and return these values, and another variable to keep track of the total value so I could calculate the average. Then, in a for loop I added up the ASCII values of the letters. I had to google how to get the ASCII values of the letters, but it was easy to find and include since all you have to do is assign the char to an int variable and java automatically converts it. From there I divided the total by four to get the average, which was stored as a variable. From there I got the floor and ceiling of the average and added them into the array. Next, I checked to see if the average should be rounded up or down and performed this action accordingly. At first I forgot to do this but then when I was checking over the project description I noticed that I didn’t do that so I added the code. Finally, I returned the array with the average, floor, and ceiling of the ASCII values. 
  For the letterAverage method all I did was put a return statement that gets the value of the array at index 2, which is the average, and casts it to a char. This was really easy and didn’t take long at all. Then I made sure the output was correct, I had committed to GitHub a sufficient number of times, and my code was well commented and easy to understand.
